The multitude of 5th generation network applications, use cases and services shall have Network Slicing playing a key role in their enablement. Network slicing shall provide end-to-end isolation between the slices. This feature shall provide the ability to customize each of the slices based on the service needs such as bandwidth and latency. The slices maintaining isolation between resource allocation and traffic shall be critically important in protecting the network infrastructure system against Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks. Systems shall need to adapt to more secured security mechanisms and policies to build a robust 5G network. We are proposing a framework for ‘Secured 5G’ Neural Network creating a robust network slicing architecture. The proposed framework shall enable proactive detection and elimination of threats using deep learning techniques prior to the infestation of the core network. We shall develop a model that enables the threat to be quarantines ensuring end-toend security from device to the core network.Existing cellular communications and the
upcoming 5G mobile network requires meeting high-reliability
standards, very low latency, higher capacity, more security, and
high-speed user connectivity. Mobile operators are looking for a
programmable solution that will allow them to accommodate
multiple independent tenants on the same physical infrastructure
and 5G networks allow for end-to-end network resource allocation
using the concept of Network Slicing (NS). Data-driven decision
making will be vital in future communication networks due to the
traffic explosion and Artificial Intelligence (AI) will accelerate the
5G network performance. In this paper, we have developed a
‘DeepSlice’ model by implementing Deep Learning (DL) Neural
Network to manage network load efficiency and network
availability, utilizing in-network deep learning and prediction. We
use available network Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to train
our model to analyze incoming traffic and predict the network
slice for an unknown device type. Intelligent resource allocation
allows us to use the available resources on existing network slices
efficiently and offer load balancing. Our proposed DeepSlice
model will be able to make smart decisions and select the most
appropriate network slice, even in case of a network failure.